nakasar	deformity
helkwatarta	helper
yaronta	it will be
Dikwa	Stay
cibiyarta	center
giri	grip
rudunar	yearly
nuʼin	one
jirginsa	boat
tsiviran	observation
kyama	aversion.noun
tawan	time
Mai-goro	Ingredients
kaifinta	her best
kwariya	protection
Abincin	Food
gauni	packages
jinkai	mercy
Sirohi	Cigar
harban	shooting
yaɗuwa	meeting
jahohi	state
falle	sever.verb
rayukansa	his soul
lahanin	so far
hokumomi	hoomomi
faramanistan	startmanistan
Faransancin	French
asibiri	hospital
Gefe-gefen	Side-by-side
mumunar	bad
illarshi	heresy
sakmakon	shattered
adanai	admired
tudunta	hostile
yunuwar	damage
sanmu	our blood
kafina	shoulder
suek	sweat
dadaddun	last
tukwanen	process
Bajamushe	German
sandunan	sticks
kwanduna	baskets
kwayoyinta	its bacteria
dururuwan	cats
zaizaiyar	draw
gawarwaki	bodies
Samaliyawa	Samaritans
rabinsu	most of them
mambobinsu	their identity
isalin	nature
lafiyayya	peace
bakado	home
Aroyyo	Screen
matsakaiciyar	medium
shugana	leader
duba-duban	check-in
zamowa	deduction
nutsatsen	nuts
lodi	criticism
hukumaar	office
Abinda	What
kimayyar	evaluation
cetonsu	this salvation
gagarar	rescue
baraguzan	horror
Amininsa	His friend
adabo	arrogant
rasiti	collection
haihuwarta	pregnancy
dazun	straight
aikinrigakafi	workforce
samada	up.preposition,upon.preposition,over.adverb
narkakken	clear
yanayai	of course
dabarunsu	their strategy
hotonunan	pictures
ruguwa	breakdown
Banghazi	Default
kiwatawa	redress
dazu	later
balaguro	expedition
zubuwa	act
karkasuwar	diffusion
Yaloke	Thank you
gudumawarda	playback
wurinda	where
asar	country
tunaninta	think
Forotan	Forecast
gwira	test
ruwa-ruwa	fluid
Magunguna	Drugs
gwamnanti	Governors
Kwarrarru	Experts
duhunce	dark
mayakansa	his foes
gwaje-gwajenta	experiments
gawawaki	first
tsumanin	guess
tsamani	shocking
hadabar	danger
damara	damages
fito-na-fito	out-of-date
maʼaikacinta	his worker
dagwalon	sleeve
jinyarta	her health
sashenta	part
gwammaci	goma
Yaduwa	Increase
Saliyau	Simply
kwalin	box
maboyar	shelter
hanun	hand
Kauyukka	Please
mutane143	people143
ɗarayi	accessories
Kodinaton	Conversation
bainci	faith
laidodi	laid down
gundumomin	constituents
jojojin	jogging
kwalaran	boxes
Sadirin	Sadness
mafakan	shelter
tabbatarda	verified,assert.verb,ratify.verb,attest.verb,assure.verb
balaʼun	bad
kasar.A	country
Somaliyawa	Somali
munzilin	embedded
saudiyya	salad
tasowa.A	getting started
hekwatar	address
cewara	hygiene
jikkoki	breasts
firiza	fridge
Abiya	Abia
tsananinta	severely
hantsin	candle
Kenye	Assign
Ministankiwon	Ministeriality
faragabar	lodging
ʼyanʼuwa	Brother
jamaʼa.Masu	public.They
bajamushen	book
jimhuriyar	Republic
Gwamnai	Governments
karensa	his father
bukewa	book
zazazabin	optional
abola	aboard
tsibirran	burst
attajirin	rubber
lakadda	at the same time
Bajamushen	The Bible
nmazarce-nazarce	well-researched
makwabciyar	neighbor
Poster	Post
dakina	wait
yanzu.Tsadar	now.This
ofisohin	banner
Puer	Shooting
Gaɓan	Brief
danganeda	attributed
kazamiyar	deeper
Dakarun	Forces
tutocin	tutors
ruwanmu	water
sallamesu	massive
zabtarewa	graduation
kai-a-kai	self-sufficiency
makwaftaka	referee
Kwalara	Cache
mil	mile.noun
kwatamai	smartphones
rohotanni	reports
tsawonta	long
makiyayan	shepherds
Mahaukciyar	Fatal
aƙalla	at least
kaurad	director
Eko	Education
jihi	state
ƙaƙaba	end
beran	fat
daƙile	jackal
jumlar	phrase
nutsewar	dumping
tunbudin	recipe
takai	wrap
kungoyoyi	groups
maigidanta	her husband
masaukan	hostile
Golf	golf.noun
girgije-girgijen	cloud clouds
ruguje	rugged
taimakonka	your help
injina	me
halinyanzu	temperament
kilomita145.5	km 145.5
ƙafarshi	his foot
jiragensu	their ships
Laftan-Kyaftin	Laftan-Captain
juyayinta	sorry
yawur	go on
kakkafa	centered
share-ka-zauna	share-to-stay
ada	stand,at.preposition
nunka	message
baliyar	baby
uwayensu	their mothers
harsasan	ethnicity
jakankunan	trucks
fafitukar	struggle
Agajin	Hello
mazaunun	resident
ribavarin	gazevarin
gagawa	go away
kusar	sleeve
zurfinsa	depth
rubta	rub
kauyuyuka	thighs
kyauyen	village
birrai	bricks
Firayim	Prime
tagari	fine
awawoi	boom
kilomitoci	kilometer
jamiʼI	university
Kananan	U there
warwarwatse	sweeping
mutumen	person
annabar	prophet
dansu	dance
yadiuwa	disagreement
rahottani	report
Kwato	Stop
kwashesu	take them away
Ibirahim	Homepage
hatsurra	hats
artemisin	artemine
cutan	skin
wakitar	protest
kauyawa	hammer
bubbuga	bubbling
tapkawa	rubbish
fahinta	understand
caɓalɓali	customization
matakar	level
HCR	UNHCR
gurgunce	lost
nazarce	accelerated
tuntubarsa	contact him
saʼilinda	when
awakai	sea
gidar	my house
Zanfara	Tobacco
guryi	dirty
awaʼoʼi	anxiety
hedkwatarsa	its headquarters
fadamu	fading
balagaggun	adulthood
tabukaci	timer
maganinshi	its solution
damuwarta	stress
taʼaziyarsa	his advice
sakamakonsu	their reward
maciyar	snake
lambatu	drain.noun
Aube	Tomorrow
jaramtawa	tolerance
masabki	mask
cikaken	complete
gudumuwa	contribute
haƙar	tooth
Maiyashi	Welcome
taɓon	corruption
matafiyan	caterpillar
murjani	coral.noun
ʼyaronta	Will be
injiniya	engineer
kaaza	cargo
sacewar	kidnapping
kundu	bow
Kalmominsa	His words
daaka	artificial
atilare	worn
Addabar	Addiction
annobace	annoyance
saliyo	Sierra Leone
kayade	kayaking
yaɗuwar	involvement
kadamar	helmet
zukata	hearts
ganimar	spoil
cikion	fulfillment
bayaswa	delivery
dazuzzuka	woods
hare-harensu	their attacks
angulu	angular
Masanan	Evolutionists
lami-lafiya	half-fine
karafunan	plates
sanyi-sanyi	cold-cold
mikiya	eagle
jkarshe	last minute
hukumonmi	commissioner
rukunonin	groups
kashedin	warnings
gulbin	glue
Deir	Dear
bakuwa	tired
dakekudancin	south
ungulusun	legitimate
Jalore	Jalor
kaʼaida	care
gudunar	flows
rubutuwa	scripts
ayyyukan	tasks
gindinsa	foundation
dominn	dominant
Gaelle	Gael
sansano	noano
Shaʼaibu	Shown
mushen	muscle
Soekarwo	Next
hadadden	complexity
muhimanci	important
zaizaya	please
Guniea	Too much
Zazzabin	Fever
ayukan	works
mahaifarsu	their father
fufe	fucked
maitan	mysterious
Jhalawar	Martial arts
Ati	And
Afirikan	African
wargidan	battlefield
tashinsa	resurrection
Gombawa	Gombe
horaswar	burns
biyi	imitation
hassa	smoke
Falusi	False
Olutayo	Freezer
Adeyinka	Rewards
igwa-igwa	speak
raunukan	injuries
Saudiyyan	Saudi Arabia
Jumhuriyar	Republic
kamfenmu	our community
nazarcen	databases
matuwar	maturity
rubar	rubber
Ngala	Exercise
Maisamari	Butamari
Mbonye	Others
gabatowar	coming
ikonta	his power
jerin-gwano	listings,queue.noun
fafatwa	fatigue
jikkatar	ministry
nannade	wrapped
ƙwararru	professional
santimita	centimeters,centimeter.noun
kota	baggage
Kwande	Save
manyanta	maturity
jamuhuriyan	change
Akpan	Really
waɗan	some
jumhuriyar	Republic
kwararrar	specialist
addanan	minor
yiwuwan	possibly
shahuwar	birth
masassarar	confiscated
naʼurorinta	devices
sojinta	her sister
hadaruruka	damnation
ƙirgar	chestgar