hawlgaladoodii	their operations
darsayaan	explains
xukumaayay	governing
Salaaxuddiin	I was a genius
hadheen	left over
xiggay	next
bilyaardiga	billiards
taliyahii	command
umuurtaas	That's right
saameysey	affected
Xirada	Clutch
LIKE-ta	LIKE
lid-jirka	lid-on
Weerarakan	Attacking
Carafaad	Carafe
halligidda	destruction
bareegga	handle
walaalahaa	your brothers
tahriibiyeen	smuggled
mudaaharaadayey	it's going to happen
sheegitaanka	statement
eddaQaramada	Cruelty
xalaaddu	insecurity
fataahada	in the story
Qasaaraha	victim
Bansiin	bill
Qaraxii	Read
alerjiyo	allergy
maalinata	day
Xajkooda	Their pilgrimage
iska-caabbin	resist
tilmaaay	pointed out
caafimaadkeedu	her health
codsanaysa	applying
midkamida	union
isu-duwanaha	self-esteem
beegsigoodu	their target
kadhacda	in the middle
aqoonsashada	identification
Sayax	Pure
Sacad-Muuse	Sacad-Muse
dhicitaanka	falling
Nawaf	Rarely
Dembibaadheyaal	Crimes
jirey	old
niyab	what is it
baadigoobayana	and seek discourse
tiradadooda	their numbers
Baaditaan	Search
Yemi	Feed
cilimiyeedka	foil
masjidkaasi	mosque
leynayaan	kill it
Kurdistanta	In Kurdistan
Yahuud	Jewish
dhaawac-ba	injury
fulaynimada	cowardice
weerrartay	I was injured
garsiiyay	asked
qaaadeen	took it
14-qof	14 people
Ninmanka	Manman
caalamul	internationally
Deeqahawareega	Thanks to the donor
amni-xumo	amnesty
arriman	this is
kanulka	on the ground
1999kii	1999
Jeermiskan	Bactericidal
Jarar	Out there
Badweyna	Badge
Horgeysay	First
koobaayey	it was summed up
kukwa	duck
Kiisaskan	This case
fak	finger
Ethiopianka	Ethiopian
xiraha	clerk
Qiyaastiisu	Its approximate
Mutemi	My mood
billaabmayaan	start
Fataahada	story
minadan	min
Al-shabaaba	Al-Shabaab
Waaliddiintu	Parents
bad-baadiyey	flooded
nafaq-darrina	malnutrition
danbeeyyay	next
dabaaldagyo	celebrations
Habiga	instrument
Talaalkaan	This vaccine
Guine	Guinea
cudurkas	disease
daadinaysay	shed
aeegsaday	asked
magaalaa	city
bambo-gacmeed	hand grenade
ruuxaani	this spirit
firir	sir
Taaliibaan	Hurry up
gudanaysa	doing it
bannaanbaxayay	banned
udhaxeysa	between
dhagaxle	stone
30malyan	30mm
Qaxootigaasi	That refugee
Eedadiis	His craft
nasta	how are you
nadaafaddiisa	cleanliness
Hargaha	Hargeisa
xariirta	silk
kannaal	channel
saabsanayn	about it
agagaarrada	around
matooradeedu	motors
Kamkuma	To my camera
mudaharaadayay	protesting
Islamiyiinta	Islamists
yahuud	Jewish
Qarammadda	National
fardaha	horses
antibaayotik	antibiotics
biyoxireenka	biking
shaqaalaysiiyo	hire
badankeed	most
dembiyeed	crime
Cadayashada	Brushing
dabiibaayo	fire
mudaaharaadyadii	demonstrations
uxoogan	aftermath
boobeen	robbed
JAAHILIYADII	WELCOME
Kukuwa	law
samatabaxayaal	survivors
lahayaeen	they had
darsinka	training
Aydhisku	Debris
SANDKIIBA	Sandy
Muwaaddinnimo	Citizenship
Talaaladadii	Your immunizations
maqaaxiyada	restaurants
deeqahawaaweyn	donation
saarnaadaan	on
kaleiya	other
daabushaa	print
quusayaasha	desperate
mamnuucaayo	banned
Saynisyahanno	Our scientists
qaxo	evacuation
daranaa	severe
Kanadiyaanka	Canadian
Baarlmanyahow	Barlmahahow
Ganac-siinaya	Trading
7-jir	7-year-old
isticmalaan	use
Ra-iisul-wasaare	Prime Minister
mobelkiis	mobility
karo.marka	can.mp3
qaxayo	flee
illowdeen	forgotten
afduubta	kidnappings
shirkadani	this company
qiyaastiisu	approx
Amrit	Amrite
xamakameeyo	bake
bakhaarkiisa	his warehouse
baraarugayaa	noticeable
Arritaan	Arrival
deganayn	calm down
Ka-digidda	Warning
ballanqaadnaa	promise
DULMIYADDA	FORMULA
Dhallinyadii	Young
makhaaxida	beard
LABAAD	second.adjective
hoggaanshay	leadership
duufaantaas	storm
gaddoontay	has changed
bakteeriyo	bactericio
asbuucyadi	week
magacaabijiray	nominated
faahfaahintiisa	details
Yaqshiid	Yaqshid
loolana	driven
hawl-galku	activity
Hogaaminaaya	Leading
garoobayey	can have
30ruux	30h
gacan-ka-hadalkaasi	talk
dhajiyeen	posted
daad-gureeyeen	evacuated
Baaruud	Barud
dowladdeed	government
gobolladooda	in their regions
kahadalka	Talking
kutagay	it is up to you
ciidankoooda	in your army
Wabigga	In the river
sumeysan	poisonous
calaanjinayo	chewing
gaarsiiso	deliver it
qaamo-qashiirka	mumps
dhigrii	put it in
shiraan	conference
qaraxo	explosion
daʼitaankiisu	his age
Huraanada	Easter
dajiyada	pics
boqolna	hundred
kariysay	she is
mobeelkiisa	mobile devices
kudhaca	luck
dhexsaaraya	separation
doorada	choice
xoreyno	liberate us
wadatey	have it
kaamkaasi	camp
dalkoisa	country
samatabixinayo	surviving
udhawdahay	is close
cabaya	drink
leeyihiinkansar	there are
gurina	house
nafwaayee	moist
Fidrida	Expanded
dalxiisyaal	excursions
qoyskiina	your family
gudbnay	passed
gaarsiiyen	delivered
wareysteen	interviewed
sumoobo	poison
heyta	hey hey
musiibooyinku	disasters
diyaaraddiisa	his aircraft
dhashada	birth
hayaama	trick
Taliyahaan	This command
gurartay	created
qofkay	my partner
eheladoda	in the family
daruurihi	clouds
qoditaanka	drilling
dhaafayso	over
isxigxigtay	sex abuse
gufeeyaan	guys
cawimaadda	help
hoggaaminaayey	led
baarar	bake
calaamadahiisa	symptoms
jihaadiyiinta	jihadists
qarraxa	cloudy
xig-xiga	next
sababeynaa	cause it
dabxoogleh	fire
fekerkii	fucker
badanaan	often
warshaddaasi	factory
badanwabiyada	many
safmarka	phlegm
maankaab1	think tank1
keensanayso	bring it
hasytaan	harvest
daalaa-dhacaysaa	Doomsday
duleysay	covered
Afghanstan	Afghanistan
qafaalasho	abduction
eedeynayaan	accused
aafeeyay	terminated
Xog-hayaha	Secretary
baabiʼiyey	destroyed
qeybsanaanta	sharing
Diyaraadaha	Opportunities
dalxiisii	tourism
taraynin	you're screwing
celiayay	lying
mindhirrada	mind
jiirn	jiir
caanana	milk
colaaddaha	conflict
qoskeeda	her body
Saxay	Corrected
dhawaane	recently
qaraxya	explosion
madhanayaan	empty
gaadhsiinayey	conveying
Dhimirku	Brain
iswaydiinaya	ask for it
dhammaadana	end
Remot-ka	Remot
barakayaal	blessings
waajihi	opposite
sifeeyaa	shine
marxallado	stages
afqaleel	aftershave
cilimiyeedku	Fuel
haayadaha	pockets
agoonteeyay	orphans
Kunduz	Beaver
duufaantaasoo	that storm
Ragengʼni	Rageng
dhawacmay	injured
Jimcahan	Friday
weerrarka	Attack
goʼdoomaan	isolation
saameesay	effect
masiibadaasi	disaster
Dhulgariirada	Earthquakes
Harowayn	Harry
horraantiisi	earlier
Booliskta	Police
badanyihin	you are rich
miliatari	mileage
bilowgiiba	from start to finish
waxyeeloobin	do not hurt
raadsanayaan	looking for
aar-gudanayso	retaliation
Dadweynahan	This is a public
daadakii	drainage
xariiqda	line
lugaysay	walked
Lixdameeyo	Undertake
Deegaanadasai	environment
naxayaal	sculptors
bad-naayeen	they were bad
qaarkoo	some
Qurumaha	Qur'ans
Soomaalliya	Somalia
Cabdkariim	It's Abdkarim
Masuulliyada	officers
Kimwele	Kimwala
Shareerta	Shareer
Qaamo-qashiirka	Mumps
hagaagayso	good
heshiislagu	agreement
10-kalena	10 others
Iqwaanul	Homework
hayna	hello
qabsanayay	capturing
rashiin	rashin
dhug-dhugleey	anxiety
Ruuxaasi	That person
7-ruux	7th person
Diyaala	Dalia
lugaynayay	walking
sibqatay	it's upset
taayaro	tire
badanayso	increasing
ORKUHSjPSi	ORIGINAL
Soomaaliyee	Somalia
maansuunku	jacket
cagadhigato	footsteps
Rooba	Rain
banaanbayaashu	banners
mobeelka	mobility
tilmaameed	target
baahantahaymaclumaaddheeraad	need for insecurity
xusaysa	remember
dhago-xanuun	earache
dhameystireen	completed
Dhaqaatiirtu	Doctors
cabbirkiisu	size
Makhaayado	Restaurants
baaxadiisa	its size
u-qiyaasay-7-5	Approximately 7-5
dab-dhaliyaha	firefighter
Zamda	In time
Af-dhafeen	Posted by
dhunftay	strangled
diyaaradaas	plane
dhinaceega	sides
tegista	leaving
baaxadiisu	its size
billawdeen	billions
Askarigi	soldier
wadadaateen	you road
xaaladdeedu	its situation
Dagaallka	Fighting
KADAGEYNIN	DO NOT KNOW
Maatada	In the morning
Dhibaatoobay	Traumatic
xirada	connection
Hawaarinta	Missing
badanayaa	increasing
dhiirigelineyso	encourage it
xirid	shut up
Dirasha	Dirty
siyaasaddan	this policy
aabbo	father
83-dii	83
waxyaabaahaas	these things
Ruuxaani	This spirit
xalaaddooda	their condition
qiyaastodana	approx
albaadka	door
Qarxan	Anger
faaiidada	benefits
Tirada	Thanks
Xeryahan	In this camp
dhexgashayna	interrupted
60-carruur	60 children
Duufaan	Police,hurricane.noun
tallaalkaan	this vaccine
maansuunka	pink
islarmakaasina	do it yourself
MaamulahaSanduuqa	manager of the bank
qowlaysato	gossip
gobolkaNatish	stateNatish
fayriska	virus
Qiimeyntan	This assessment
xafidey	protected
baadigoobo	Search
islamrakaana	islamrahaana
Maanabooliyo	Moments
deegaamadii	settlements
hubeysanaa	We are armed
Caruuri	Kid
shallaayo	do not
kakacay	cocoa
qaxaayo	leave
caafiamadka	immune system
Dembibaadhayaashu	criminals
dooniyihii	boat
Isbitaalkan	This hospital
baqtiyaan	frighten
dulmanayaashaas	victims
taliyol	command
Dhuulgariir	Travel
booqanayey	visiting
soddan	sod
qasbayso	forced
dhagaxley	stone
dhirirkiisu	his height
Saharsa	If it is
Khuburada	Experts
yeelannay	we have
samaysmeen	created
Ooyaya	shout
ciyaaryaha	player
deeqahayar-yar	our donations
ymagaalada	emotions
qixi	dump
irrida	irrigation
geeryoodeen	have died
burburkeeda	its destruction
ilmahu	child
saqafkii	ceiling
dabdamisku	firefighter
sababatay	caused
Nafwayeen	Just a life
tirida	counting
danbasay	crime
Ciidamaad	Army
Cidhib-tiro	Breakdown
raadsanaya	looking for
socdaboqol	Socreceqol
bartilmaameedkiisii	his target
kaxeynayaan	driving
cabitaankane	drink
xarriiqda	line
suʼashayda	in my questions
hogaamiso	leadership
is-jiireen	rubbed
Murugadu	Depression
dhigeysay	put it
tirinaaya	counting
gagida	switching
dhiseyn	building
Afgambigaasi	This is the quota
Wareegeeda	Roundup
dawaynayaa	treat it
cudurkanlabaatan	illness
1952dii	In 1952
khasabtay	forced
banʼidaadaminimo	restraint
kiilomitit	kilomit
tuulalayda	in the village
tabardarreeyay	weakened
Dumarkuna	To the dummy
boggeeda	its website
isda	is it?
xadgudyadooda	their allegations
Bilyaardiga	Billiard
hindhisaan	sneezing
Ahayn	Ohian
naxsan	shocked
gababeeyey	ending
diyaraaddii	course
Laascaanoood	Lasagano
Faanoole	Fanfire
wakaaladdii	agency
dadajiyay	accelerated
dhaawacanyihiin	injured
i-qaniiney	i bite
lʼaan	l'll
Nabadey	Peace
Ameericaan	American
DIGTOONOW	WARNING
ruuxaasi	that person
saacadba	hourly
Israsaaseyntan	This slaying
shaqeeyno	working
faleebooyin	infections
waramaayey	she says
KONFUR	COMFORT
kolonyadaasi	in the colony
tilamaamaysa	she whispers
horistaageen	beforehand
koomo	join
Saamaha	Sore
qarxaayey	explosions
amni-darada	insecurity
shibirta	sorry
Taraya	Scan
duuliimaadyo	flights
Kremlin-ka	Kremlin
caleemo-saar	herbs
Claamadaha	Blocks
warrameyso	report it
cuntadi	food
militriga	military
boorsooyinka	bags
Maaxaya	Missing
Xajka	Pilgrimage
bartimaameedkooda	their target
qalibmatay	inconsistent
banaanbaxayaashu	demonstrators
maleynayaaan	I think
xumaaneyso	is bad
daba-socdo	follow up
dhawaaqayin	announce
xaaqa	sweep
kicii	huh?
siiyaraanaya	will be provided
dhameystirin	complete
shacabk	citizen
Muuqaal	Visual,image.noun,perspective.noun,scenery.noun,complexion.noun,profile.noun
garabkeeda	on the back
cudurkana	disease
Dingiin	Carpet
dabiibay	healed
burburku	damage
Jacaylkeygu	My love
kicineyso	stir up
shaqeeynayay	working
dhaawacneen	injured
daawaynaya	treating
ruxeen	shake
gordhaw	Introduction
cibaadeestaan	worship
cibaadeysanayay	worshipers
Ugaarsato	Help
dhufatey	hit
baaxadleh	great
Abduubtay	Abducted
cusla	heavy
dareemane	feeling
jeediyen	directed
Jecelaaa	Enjoy it
Hawsaha	Hugs
tuurayaan	throwing
xoogeysatay	strengthened
neefsigiisu	his breath
3-ruux	3 persons
isbaddalka	change
aadannimada	humanity
sharcidaro	illegal
qodistiisa	tear
badbaadisey	saved
aktar	transmits
Waalidiintooda	Their parents
leʼadaan	late
qaxootigaasi	refugees
nafaqi	nourishment
isu-diyaarinayay	preparing for it
Falatiiniyiin	Falatiin
Dhulgariirkaan	This Earth
doonidan	this boat
alaykum	my mock
yalaay	yummy
jirina	old
feejignaato	be careful
qaar-na	some
40-Kun	40
hayaamaya	humble
howlwadeenna	our staff
geeriyoon	death
joojinayso	stopping
roobabkaan	this rainy season
biyahoodu	their water
caruurba	children
geysteeen	they are
Bayla	Mr
carqaladeynaya	disturbing
cambaareeyaan	condemn it
iidhahyada	cats
daadanayaa	spilled
xoogeysto	strong
hoysaasaa	crew
Saldhig-Milari	Base station
Boodheere	Lotion
Dembi-baadhayaasha	Criminal investigators
darreysato	darling
Ma-gafayaasha	No offenders
xagtimo	frustration
dhufsatay	hit
Shil-diyaaradeed	Aircraft crash
Roobabkaan	This rush
dheereynayo	extend
tahriibayeen	smuggling
qaraqmeen	covered
faraxasanahay	happy
ceele	well
Fekerkaaga	Your thoughts
qarinayeen	hiding
Xool	Hool
ku-lug-lahaanshaha	engagement
qalibmey	trimmed
77-ka	77th
dhaawacntay	injured
Syrianka	Syria
jeedineeysa	referring
qeybgashey	contributed
tuurladaasi	throwing away
sameysanaa	make it
hayaTabarucaadka	check out
ganacsanayey	trading
miidaayay	censorship
haligma	no strings
qalalase	dry
goʼdoonsanyihiin	isolated
Shinaha	Chinese
samaeyn	do not suck
fataahadahana	and the interview
cunteyn	eating
isgaa	keep up
geeyana	come on
dherarkiisu	length
dhulgariirkaas	earthquake
goʼaaminayo	decide
Muqdishoa	Mogadishu
tahriibayaashaasi	migrants
xigeenadooda	their deputy
kumaankun	thousands
fadhisay	sitting
docdaan	docadian
qalalaasha	violence
qaboowaha	cold
afgaanistaana	anxiety
biirista	joining
Caawiye	Assistant
koonfuur-galbeedka	south-west
roobaabka	rain
joogtayn	constant
Tirada	On the other
boogyada	wounds
dioyaaradaas	diary
adeegsadya	use it
diyuuradaha	plates
qaraabtaan	relatives
bad-maaxyo	beaches
darwaliinta	dressing
Israaʼil	Israel
dhiiggiiba	blood
4-aadna	4th
muujinyay	showing it
gabadaan	this girl
is-casilyeso	is-casilla
furunta	fur
kaluumeysanayay	fishing
badaneysa	increasing
baro-kacay	baroque
diyaaraddani	plane
deeqaaan	this donation
kuleel	heat
waweyni	is mine
qiimeyntii	evaluation
goortaa	when
hoggaamiyeyaashiisa	his leaders
jabis	break
eryaya	you go
bad-baadayna	badly
mudahaaradka	standing
sameynyao	do it
Lubnaaniyiin	Lebanese
salleeyey	shaking
dabargoynayo	annoying
farxadsanahay	happy
dhegotiray	earliest
xeradaasi	camp
deg-gegga	emergency
afduubkii	kidnapping
Caarra	Stop
yariada	in half
rasaasa	ammunition
Aafeeyay	Disaster
shabaabna	Shabaab
loolka	lol
Qixiddan	This withdrawal
Baabal	Car
Walaalihiina	Your brothers
xerooyin	camps
baarayaasha	ladies
toddobaadyadan	these weeks
dhululobo	Earthquake
XADAN	HERE
biyahooda	their water
Konsebsiyoon	Concerts
daaweynayaa	treat it
Middobay	Midday
dawaynayay	treating
adduuyadu	gloves
Afduubkaas	That kidnapping
dhoobtay	dressed
badan160	many160
Muhammadu	Muhammed
kiimikaal	chemical substance
qaarijiyeen	took them
waxaynoqdeenkuwoisugujira73	we are doing it 73
is-qaniinen	self-biting
dhaxmaraysay	has been
Diidis	Do not worry,denial.noun,reluctance.noun
naftiis	soul
Ciyaaryanno	Our games
xooggeysanaa	we are strong
dhiiiga	Doomsday
deeggaanadooda	their environment
dhismahana	to the building
furuutka	fruit
maankaab	conscience
samafaleed	charity
haliga	hazardous
geesinnimadooda	their bravery
filnaanso	Expect it
daʼitaanka	aging
mukhallisiinta	shopping
cisbitaallada	hospitals
dabbaal-dagayey	celebrating
diiwaaan	record
qoorgooyaha	meningitis
iskuuleey	school
isa-soo	isa-come
samayay	made
dawladdda	government
Adkeyneysa	Strengthening
keydiyey	saved
yooqanaan	please
carruurtaan	these children
tebeyey	answered
sheekeysanayeen	they were talking
badelkeeda	in exchange
dhashayba	born
Sumeysnaa	It does not
dameeyey	finished
dhintya	dead
xiray	arrested
NOAH-da	NOAH
Faruuruc	Mummy
kabsanlaayihiin	they are full
tuugay	theft
saareyn	Expanding
rabshadoodu	violence
qiyaaasay	did it
anfariirsan	anonymous
hoyanaya	hoyaya
dhaawacyado	injuries
200-Tuulooyin	200 villages
Shishaysaa	Strangely
xoomeen	lost
is-biirsaday	cocktail
deeganak	camping
baabiʼinta	destruction,annihilation.noun
kunar	thousand
gubida	burning
calwasaad	pity
dadkaai	people
ganaaxu	fine
Ehelladoodu	Their siblings
wiiqmaan	weaken
daweynayeen	treated
Emirate-ka	Emirate
wanaagsanaatay	good
helaayey	it was helpless
cagaariyaha	green
qarxayo	Exploding
baareyaal	investigators
dhacsanyahay	occurs
xiriirinaya	linking
xeryahaasi	camps
hawshaasoo	that job
TASHTA	TAB
Gawaadhidan	This car
qiimeynayo	evaluating
balliyo	balloon
ismaadiimin	my faith
BMG	UN
abtigiis	his brother
fakaraya	think of it
Maankaab	Audible
laʼaantan	without this
diyaaradeed	aircraft
Duulimaadyadan	These airlines
Banaanbaxayashaa	Demonstrators
8-aadna	8th
baaqaarka	the call
tegaya	going
Qunsuliyada	Consulate
Aargada	Attack
Israsaaseyntaan	This is the misery
qaraqrameen	absorbed
wel-welo	worry
abuuritaanka	creation
Cisbtaalka	At the hospital
Naaga	Naag
sitta	on the couch
dalagii	crop
sareyo	high
Kaabuul	Start
usbuucyadii	weeks
baroor-diiqayeen	mournful
daawadaasne	that medicine
bamkii	bomb
dhibaataynayaan	harassing
Dhaladka	Boys
Maswili	Masry
sanduqa	sandbox
masʼuuliaydda	responsibility
qodaan	dig
maleynayaan	they think
noqlosha	it is
sharafi	shame
dadaalayeen	trying
Xuduer	Huduer
guryihiii	housewife
berigaba	you're in there
SAXAAFADEEDL	RESPONDENT
soocidda	sorting
biliqaysnaya	Believe it
Philippnes	Philippe
Haweyn	Sex
Qaaadku	queue
wadaagista	sharing
Boqortoyada	In the kingdom
oggaaday	learned
xummaato	bad
Laankheyrta	company
bar-bardhigo	check out
dhufaaya	hitting
uruuriyay	collected
damacaas	desire